Added check for item damage (#4681)
cuberite/cuberite: Server/furnace.txt

#
# **** Item Definition ****
# An Item is defined by an Item Type, an amount (and damage)

> # The damage is optional, and if not specified it uses the ingredient damage to lookup the recipe.
> # If a damage of -1 is specified, then the damage won't be checked.

Reviewer: This comment about being not specified is very cryptic. How about:
```suggestion
# The damage is optional, and if not specified it's assumed to be 0.
# If a damage of -1 is specified, then the damage won't be checked when matching recipes.
# Note that when specifying items using names from items.ini, those already contain the damage value in them, so the damage value doesn't need to be specified here.
```

#--------------------------
# Smelting recipes

Beef                   = Steak                              $ 0.35
BlackTerracotta        = BlackGlazedTerracotta              $ 0.1
BlueTerracotta         = BlueGlazedTerracotta               $ 0.1
BrownTerracotta        = BrownGlazedTerracotta              $ 0.10
Cactus                 = CactusGreen                        $ 0.2
ChainmailBoots^-1      = IronNugget                         $ 0.1
ChainmailChestplate^-1 = IronNugget                         $ 0.1
ChainmailHelmet^-1     = IronNugget                         $ 0.1

> ChainmailLeggings^-1   = IronNugget                         $ 0.1

Reviewer: The spec at the top says `ItemType : Damage`, here you use `ItemType ^ Damage`.

Author: Changed it to `:-1`
